Welcome back to the challengefunnel/3day
virtual event series. In this particular
video, we are going to be going through
what your KPI expectations should be
throughout this virtual event. We're
going to be talking about things like
cost per purchase expectations, show
rate expectations for each day of the
challenge, total conversion rate
expectations, repitch conversions. We're
going to go through the whole shebang
here in this video today. If you're new
to the channel, welcome in. All we do
around here is talk about hitting
milliondoll months or if you're already
there, tacking on the next million a
month. We don't make any income claims,
though. We have no idea who the [__] you
are and whether you have any possibility
to make that possible for you. All we
know is is what the US Bureau of Labor
Statistics tells us, which is that.1% of
all businesses on Earth ever hit the big
10 million a year, let alone the even
smaller percentage of people that would
do 12 million a year, aka million-doll
months. So, long story short, again, no
income claims, no earnings expectations,
no earning potential, just game that I'm
putting you on. If you're already a
subscriber, welcome back. Absolute
pleasure to have you. And hopefully by
this point, you've watched a few of the
other videos within this particular
series cuz this fits snugly in there if
you're going to commit to a virtual
event. So, without further ado, let's
dive into it. First of all, every
virtual event that we do is paid. Okay?
We do not like free because free has a
completely different set of statistics
that are correlated to it. Now, I'm
going to give you a few little caveats
when it comes to free that you can
technically get away with. It depends on
who you are and how big of an audience
and following you have and how many
people you can get into it in the first
place to start to financially model out
whether these statistics will make sense
for you. So, one of my inner circle
members, I'm not going to say these
guys' names cuz I don't want to openly
air out their statistics since they
haven't done done so themselves already.
But anyway, these two guys, we have the
front-facing personal brand and then we
have the guy that's responsible for the
operations, sales, and marketing. Now,
these two boys, they have literally
low-end hundreds of millions of people
that look at their content in a month.
It's extreme. There's also a very high
quantity of those people that click to
their Instagram accounts, their Tik Tok
accounts, navigate over to their YouTube
page. Again, these guys have scaled
their personal brand content through
Clippers. Okay, now that's a whole
different video, but regardless, due to
the quantity of viewership that they
get, they took the route for their
challenge funnel to do free rather than
have it cost money. Typically, when you
do the route of free, you have a
completely different set of expectations
that you are going to experience. First
of all, your show rates are going to be
booty for the most part. you typically
see about a 10 to 20% show rate. Now,
these two guys specifically what they're
trying to do to combat that is a raffle
where they're saying, "Hey, if you show
up and comment something in the chat for
3 days that we're doing the event, you
are automatically entered into this
raffle and they're giving out money. I
think they're also going to give out a
Rolex watch, little roly pololy, and
that might influence their show rate a
bit, but I just want to be really clear
when I say this. When you generally fall
into bribing people to get them to show
up, it can work. Like look at the time
share model as a great example of that.
That industry is a literal bribe to sit
down and actually hear out their sales
pitch. They fly you out somewhere. They
get you into some kind of resort. They
allow you to go get a show or dinner or
lunch or something like that on them
usually. And all they want from you is
just 90 full minutes of your attention
to try to get you to purchase a time
share. So clearly bribing can work. I
want to be very fair in saying that. But
generally when it comes to like a free
virtual event, I mean listen, the
incentive is is show up, comment
something, and then bounce. So
naturally, if a system can be gained, it
will be gained. Very important to take
note of that. Can they influence their
show rate to be higher than that through
things like my back-end selling systems,
the hammer them strategy, setters
potentially reaching out to these folks
and trying to confirm and get them
excited and make them show up, valued
dense email sequences, a proper
well-built confirmation page. Yeah, all
these things can absolutely influence
the show rate to be a little greater
than that, but when it's free, you're
typically going to have a bad time. But
here's the thing, though. These guys,
they're shooting for 150,000
registrants. Okay? So, even if they get
a 10 to 20% show rate, they're still
going to be sitting at about 15 to
20,000 people that are going to show up
live and watch them go throughout their
content. Now, we already have a video in
this dedicated playlist to these virtual
events where we go through what the
content flow should be. So, make sure to
go check that out to get an idea of what
these guys are going to flow through in
terms of what they teach, when they make
their pitch, when they make their
repitch, etc., and how the actual
outline of the content is. But here's
what I want to make really clear. When
you do it free, you also see a bigger
drop off rate for each subsequent day
that follows. So, as an example, if I'm
going to see, let's let's give them the
benefit of the doubt in this example and
say that they for day one are going to
get a full 20% show rate. Okay? Well,
day two is typically a lot worse and
same with day three. The good news is
again, if you watch the outline of when
we do what in these challenges for the
content, we make our pitch on day two.
However, day two when it's a free
challenge is usually about half of
whatever the total attendance was on day
one. If you do an incredible job, like
I'm talking damn near perfect execution
on day one, you can still have a
relatively high show rate on day two,
but it's still going to get chopped at
the knees comparatively to if people
paid for it. So, it's a big give and
take when you choose to take action on
whether it's going to be free or whether
you do it paid. And the biggest part
that makes the most substantial
difference is the total quantity of
registrance that you're actually
probable to drive into the challenge.
So, if these guys do pull off a huge
quantity of people, 150,000 people that
register, that'll typically exceed the
amount that people would get there if
they paid for it. Okay? And that's a
very important distinction. It will have
more people that are there. The other
very important thing to consider is is
how many of those people are actually
going to be probable to buy. You're
typically going to see a lower overall
conversion rate against the total amount
of people that you got to opt into the
challenge or depending on how you want
to do the statistic. You can also do it
based on the total quantity of people
that showed up to the challenge. Now,
here's the thing. This is going to be a
pretty low statistic, but again, this is
typically what we see. we typically see
a 1 to 3% conversion rate against the
total quantity of registrants that opted
in in the first place that end up buying
whatever the thing is that's pitched on
day two. Okay, so that's where the
actual money comes in in this case. So
these guys huge organic presence. Hey,
sign up for the challenge. Sign up for
the challenge. We got this challenge
coming up. Assuming they get upwards of
150,000 people to register, they get 15
to maybe 30,000 people that actually
show up to this thing on day one. they
get 7,500 or maybe upwards of 15,000 to
show up on day two. That's how many
people they're pitching to. Okay? If
they convert 1 to 3% of 150,000 people
and they sell something that's several
thousand that's direct to checkout and
maybe they also get people who can do a
call funnel who aren't willing to buy
then and there to clear out the rest and
then they feed everybody else who showed
up to the challenge to their setter team
to reach out and try to milk some
subsequent revenue from those guys.
They're still probable to have a good
time right now. Just to be clear, their
hard costs go up a lot. Anybody who's
executed any kind of significant event,
which again, if you're the right type of
person watching this channel, you've
likely come across this issue already
and know about this. You got to pay Zoom
a pretty substantial amount of money to
do a Zoom webinar with more than several
thousand people. I believe the minimum
is 5 to 10,000 people where all of a
sudden you're paying Zoom like 10 to
15,000 plus dollars. Now, just to be
clear, in the context of a challenge
funnel or a virtual event, that's just
more cash you got to front. And in most
instances, you're doing these things to
make a few million dollars at once or,
you know, on a smaller level, high
couple hundred thousand ideally. So,
again, it's worth the cost, but it's
still it adds to like the total upfront
amount that you have to front for the
whole thing. It's a lot more tech issues
that can go wrong when you have like too
high of a quantity of people, as silly
as that sounds. But anyway, here's the
moral of the story. 1 to 3% conversion
rate against 150,000 registrants is
still [__] awesome. I mean, that's
going to be a huge payday. Imagine you
convert 1,500 people on a $5,000 price.
You know, you're going to have a good
time if you do that math. Okay. Now,
comparatively, when you look at the paid
statistics, which are in most instances
completely different and a little more
favorable, every one of these stats
changes. Okay. So, again, these stats
here, this is for the free challenge.
And then when you look at a paid version
of the challenge, the paid version is
typically far more favorable. So you're
you're going to get a lower total
quantity of people that are going to buy
the actual virtual event when you do a
paid challenge. And you got to look at
that first. So you have the total clicks
and then you have the total buyers of
the actual challenge itself. So like
total buyers of the ticket. This can
typically range from anywhere as low as
5%. We've seen these as high as 15%. And
the 15%, by the way, just to give you an
idea. I mean, that's a phenomenal
conversion rate on a sales page, like
phenomenal. Just to be clear, that came
from a very niche challenge that was
executed geared towards the accounting
niche. They had a dialedin sales page
that was aligned perfectly to the
expectations and the desires of the
accounting niche for the people that
they were going after. They were going
after bookkeepers. They were going after
CPAs. And man, the claims that they
made, the messaging that they had, it's
one of the highest levels of
responsiveness that we've seen in a
while. But you can typically convert
about 5 to 10% of your total page. And I
just want to be really clear when I say
this. I've converted a lot of people,
excuse me, I've consulted a lot of
people on challenge funnels over the
years, and I've seen a lot worse than
this. This statistic will wildly
influence and dictate what your overall
profitability is going to be going into
the challenge itself. Okay? And the
stats that make up your cost per
purchase of the actual ticket itself,
they're made up of a few stats. You've
got CPMs, you've got your link
click-through rates on the ad level
itself, you've obviously got your page
conversion. Some people also typically
promote through a webinar. And by the
way, we have a whole video in this
channel dedicated to the promotion cycle
and how long that looks and like what
you do during the promotion cycle and
what you need. We also have a video
dedicated to sales page best practices
within this series. And in that video,
we talk about long form sales pages. And
we also talk about a webinar strategy
that you can use. Now, just to be clear,
if you use the webinar strategy
specifically, you obviously have a few
more stats that are going to make up
your cost per purchase, like cost per
opt-in, and that's dictated by CPMs,
link click-through rate, the opt-in rate
of your actual webinar. You have the
show rate to your webinar, and then of
course, you have your actual conversion
rate of the webinar of pushing people to
buy tickets. So, if you do a long form
sales page, which typically liquidates
more of the spend profitably that you're
going to put out in order to get ticket
buyers in the first place, you obviously
have your page conversion rate to look
at. And that can sometimes be made up of
other statistics, too. Like, as an
example, let's say you have a two-step
order form. You have that stat like how
many people fill out the first step, how
many people actually register. That can
be an example of another bottleneck. So,
long story short, those are the stats
that make up your cost per purchase.
Those are the specific bottleneck KPIs
that you would want to be mindful of and
attentive to while you go out and try to
get people to buy at a profitable rate.
If you convert somewhere in that range
of that 5 to 15%, you're typically going
to have a good time. As long as your
link clickthrough rate's not [__] and
your CPMs aren't sky-high, you're
typically, depending on what you charge
for the actual event, going to be
profitable. Now, we have one of my inner
circle members. His name is Zach, and he
runs an event company called
paidvents.com. Now, Zach's awesome. Big
fan of Zach. He's been in the inner
circle for a very long period of time.
He's great with challenge funnels as
well, but he does them completely
differently than what I typically
recommend. And this is a great example
of why I love learning and hearing from
our other inner circle members on what
they specifically do. Zach will charge
singledigit numbers, like he'll charge,
as an example, $7 to $9 to get somebody
to buy the challenge in the first place.
He'll still have upsells and things like
that on the back end to try to increase
his AOV, but in that example, when you
charge so little, you're obviously going
to go into the event at a much less
profitable number, meaning you're going
to front a lot of cash. And so
therefore, you're going to be limited on
the overall amount of cash that you're
going to be able to front to try to get
a fuckload of people into the challenge
itself. We typically charge a little
more money. But here's the very
interesting thing about what Zach found.
He found that even if he only charges $7
to $9 as an example of his ticket
pricing, he can still see the same show
rates that I'm about to talk to you
about if I charged somebody $47 to $97.
So, it's very important to consider. You
can go as low as $7 to $9 on the actual
ticket price. However, I typically
encourage people go about $47 to 97. The
reason being these are typically more
qualified buyer leads. Depends on what
you're going to try to sell somebody. If
you're typically going for something
that might cost, let's say, $3 to $5,000
or even less, you can get away with
charging less upfront because they don't
have to be as qualified of a buyer lead.
When I charge somebody at least $47 to
$97, from what we've seen in our
testing, we can typically sell something
that's a lot more costly. Like, we have
a guy that sells something at a $15,000
price. He sells his tickets to come to
the virtual event for $247.
That difference of him charging more
from his testing time in and time out of
the challenge has proven that the people
who buy at $247, they buy the actual
high ticket product at a substantially
higher rate than somebody who buys at 47
or 97. So again, when you look at the $7
to 9 price or anything less than that,
you might still average the same show
rate that we're about to talk about with
these paid events. But you got to
remember like how you decide what the
price of the event should be is a
culmination of a few things. How
profitable do you want to try to be
going into the event? Cuz remember, if
you're profitable just on ticket sales
and the upsells you have on the front
end, you have unlimited budget. You can
throw as many dollars as you can
possibly throw at the ad channels to get
as many people to buy the challenge as
you possibly can, which obviously is
going to influence the amount of people
that upsell to the main product during
the challenge that you're going to
pitch. You want that. You want to be in
that position. If you charge the $7 to
$9 comparatively, yeah, you might
experience the same show rate as
somebody who buys for 47 to 97. But
again, the question becomes, are you
going to get the same level of buyer
lead? And generally, what you have to do
to actually figure that out is test it.
And you have to do multiple challenges.
And you have to see if there's a
difference in the types of people you
get from what you charge. You
understand? So again, I'm not in any
way, shape, or form trying to demonize
or make it sound like [__] to charge $7
or $9. Typically, what my clients prefer
when we run these challenges is to be
profitable going into the challenge.
That is the most ideal scenario for
everybody. And that also when I say it's
a culmination of a few things that
decide what the price should be, that's
what typically biases us towards the $47
to $97 price point. Okay? Now,
obviously, if you charge less, you can
typically see a higher conversion rate.
If you charge more, you're typically
going to see a little lower conversion
rate, but the additional dollars you
collect typically offset and make you
profitable. Something to consider. Now,
very important to note, outside of the
ticket price, you have upsells in both
the free version and in the paid version
that you have to consider. We typically
see, and you'll notice this when I
talked about sales page best practices
for these long- form sales pages and
even for the webinar strategy that you
can run, you typically want to have at
least two upsells on the back end of the
ticket. Okay? And these conversion rates
can range wildly depending on what it is
and what you charge. One key lesson that
we talk about time and time again when
it comes to low ticket is whatever the
main thing is that you're actually
selling for high ticket. This specific
thing is made up of a bunch of smaller
things. So, as an example, I was talking
this weekend about BookFunnel Mastery
and my inner circle program where we do
our weekly group calls, our twice a
month one-on-one calls, our quarterly
in-person masterminds, extensive course
library that we have in there, and all
kinds of other great stuff. Jeremy AI.
That's our group for rich people trying
to get a fuckload richer. One of our
members had asked, "Hey, can we go
through bookunnel mastery?" And we
talked about this very common lesson
when it comes to low ticket to high
ticket ascension. The main thing is
typically made up of a bunch of smaller
things. And the lesson that I
specifically used, I had this program
that we marketed for a while and it was
called high ticket agency. And it's an
agency owner program that teaches you
how to start and scale marketing
agencies. Now, that specific offer, the
main thing is, well, I want to start, I
want to scale a marketing agency. And
there's a bunch of smaller things that
make up what that takes to do that. And
as an example of one of the low ticket
book funnels that we had created to
promote that high ticket thing, we
selected what we call my perfect cold
video pitch bundle. It comes with an SOP
on how to execute my video pitches. And
I'm not pitching right now, by the way.
Pay attention to this. Comes with the
perfect cold video pitch SOP. It comes
with what what we call my value dense
email sequences and it also comes with
this thing that we call valuedriven
follow-up and a bunch of lead genen
tools that we recommended. We don't sell
this [__] by the way. Don't try to ask
me to buy it. Long story short, we
bundled all those together into what we
called the perfect cold video pitch
bundle and we sold it for about $150 to
$197. Now that thing as an example was
one of the what we call breakout
branches. Okay? So, if you cared about
that, about how to get clients for an
agency, there's a high probability you'd
care about all the other things that I
can teach and talk to you about when it
comes to starting and scaling a
marketing agency. That's the same
concept that you want to follow when you
select what your upsells are going to
be. So, the first upsell and the second
upsell should ideally directly
complement whatever it is that the theme
of the virtual event is. Okay? If you
successfully do that, you're going to
have a very high conversion rate.
Without exaggeration, you can see
upwards of a 20 to 50% take rate
depending on pricing and what
specifically you're upselling. Okay? As
an example of this, if I buy a book and
the first upsell is an audio book of
that book, that's going to have a really
high take rate because it directly
complements the book, right? whatever
the theme and the topic is of my
challenge, that specifically is what I
want to select for upsell one and upsell
two. Now, the pricing of this relative
to what your conversion rate is on these
upsell steps is going to dictate what
the price should be. The higher the take
rate, the lower and more favorable the
price can be for the customer. The lower
the take rate, the higher the price
needs to be. So, I can weight my average
order value higher because that's going
to significantly dictate how profitable
I am going into the challenge. The
higher the AOV, the more probable I am
to be profitable. You understand? So,
moral of the story is outside of the
actual ticket prices. Okay? You ideally
have something that's your upsells that
are going to convert at the lowest about
5%. But again, if you do it right, this
can be upwards of like a 20 to I know it
sounds ridiculous, a 20 to 50%
conversion rate. The price being lower
is going to be indicative that you're
going to likely have a higher conversion
rate. The conversion rate being lower is
either because you're priced too high or
because whatever you're selling just
doesn't make any [__] sense for the
person to buy. It doesn't actually
directly compliment. It's like you go
sit down, you get a burger, right? And
they're like, "Hey man, you want fries?"
It's like you're not like, "What the
[__] Why are you offering me fries?"
You know, you're like, "Oh, it makes
total sense for you to offer me." You
know, if they say something like, "Hey,
do you want to make it a large?" Again,
you're not like, "What the fuck?" You're
like, "It makes total sense. Yeah, make
it a large." Right? If they even say,
"Hey, you want a milkshake or a soda or
even a water?"
>> Right? Again, you're not like, "Why the
[__] are you pitching me that?" You're
like, "No, it makes total sense." But
this is a huge thing that a lot of
people break when it comes to the
conversion rate percentages that they're
going to experience if the price is too
high, even if it makes sense. Hey, you
want fries with that? It's going to be
$20 extra. What the [__] You know,
you're going to have a low conversion
rate on that because it's price too
high, even if it's the right thing. So,
it's a combination of these two things
together that matter the most. The price
and it being complimentary to whatever
the main thing is. You understand? So
you do that right, that's what's going
to ultimately get you to that statistic.
And now those specifically that dictates
your AOV being high. Okay? You want your
average order value to be as high as you
can possibly get it because again,
whatever your cost per purchase climbs
up to, the AOV has to exceed that for
you to be profitable. Okay? And if you
don't exceed it, that means you're
burning whatever amount you aren't able
to liquidate. So, as an example, for
every dollar that I spend, if I'm only
able to liquidate 50% of it, cuz my AOV
is half of whatever my cost per purchase
is, I'm fronting 50 cents for every
buyer I get in that example. You
understand? So, moral of the story is
focus on the AOV, that matters a lot.
Okay? Okay. And then when you look at
your actual cost, when you look at your
actual cost per purchase, okay, just to
re-emphasize this, your cost per
purchase is going to be influenced by
what we talked about up here, your CPMs,
your link click-through rate, your page
conversion rate, and your AOV is
influenced by your conversion rate, the
pricing strategy you pick, the upsell
take rate, and how that influences your
AOV. But just keep in mind your cost per
purchase in order to just drive it down.
There's all kinds of ranges that I've
seen. Like I've literally myself when
I've run ads for clients gotten cost per
purchases as low as like in the 40s or
50s and I had an AOV that was about
double to triple that give or take the
time of promotion. I've had clients that
we've run traffic for directly where our
cost per purchase is around 150 to 200
and the AOV is just about at the same
spot but we're losing a little bit of
money right now. I can't stress this
enough. There's no real static number
that I can sit here and tell you for
like this is what your cost per purchase
should be. Here's all I will tell you
though in terms of expectations. So you
walk out of this video fully
understanding what you should project
onto your advertisers that are running
this for you or what you should expect
yourself if you're running it for you.
You want to be profitable. It is very
possible to get profitable and the more
unprofitable you are, the more [__]
specific bottleneck statistics are
within your advertising process. Look at
all those subsequent steps, the CPMs,
the link click-through rate, your onpage
conversion metrics. If you're doing that
webinar strategy to promote this
challenge funnel or this 3-day virtual
event coming up, look at the webinar
stats like opt-in rate, show rate, the
overall conversion rate of the webinar,
the AOV from who comes from one or the
other, long form page or the webinar
page, and try to fix those specific
stats. Okay? If you do that, you're
typically going to have a great time. So
anyway, back to the point. When you look
at the actual show rates of the paid
versions of these challenges, they're
very different. Like very different.
Okay? Usually the expectation that we
would project on to you is out of the
total quantity of buyers that you're
able to produce, you get 70% of them to
show up when you charge any amount of
money. Like Zach had proved with his
paid events.com model, $79 is possible
to get a 70% show rate. Us charging
47.49 to that 97.99 price point. Again,
that still has a very good show rate of
70 plus%. We don't see much variance
between the two. We just see a
difference in the types of buyer leads.
Now, day two, same exact logic. You're
typically going to see a far higher
retention rate cuz people paid for this
[__] You're typically going to see
about a 60 to 65% show rate against
total traffic on day two. Day two, keep
in mind, you make your pitch. You've
officially aired out the fact that
you're trying to sell people and you've
converted a lot of them. Ideally, day
three, you typically see a little lower.
You typically see about 50% of your
total buyers actually show up to day
three. Now, when it comes to the overall
conversion metrics, right, your
conversion rate against the total
buyers, not just the total quantity of
people that showed up is typically about
3 to 7%. With the average usually being
about 5%. So, as an example of that, if
I got 10,000 people in total to buy my
challenge, I got 7,000 of them to show
up, I'm going to convert about 5% of
that 10,000 on average and walk away
with a few hundred people buying my high
ticket thing. Very important to note
here, there's a far smaller quantity of
people that you're typically going to
get to a paid challenge. Most of you
don't have hundreds of millions of
viewers. I think without exaggeration,
I'm probably literally talking to like
five of you when I say you have hundreds
of millions of viewers within a month
that are actively looking at your
content. And in that example, like yeah,
you could argue that a free challenge
might be better for you. But it's also
very important to note like you could
justify a paid challenge just as well.
It really comes down to the price of
what you're selling, how serious you
want people to be when they show up,
what you want your show rate to look
like, what you want your overall
conversion rates to look like. Now, hear
this. On the above average side of
things, we typically see conversion
rates average out to about 10%. These
are the people who have done challenges.
They've done webinars. They've been
there, done that with live in-person
events. They're [__] dialed in one to
many sales machines. They've perfected
the art of the pitch, the presentation.
They've dialed in this whole system, and
they've worked out the kinks. If it's
your very first 3-day virtual event or
your very first challenge or like one of
your very first ones, again, try to set
your expectations somewhere between that
3 and 7% range, that's more probable for
you. So, anyway, moral of the story,
there's a handful of other statistics
that we could sit here and go over, but
per usual, we save a lot of that for our
paid buyers. So whether you're somebody
just looking to master internet
marketing and go through my 7-week live
class and get access to the challenge
SOP, which we talk about in week one of
that program, you can check that out
with the link below. We even give you
week one of one of our past cohorts as
an example for you to be able to go
through and see if you like that
learning style, the way I present, and
see if that's going to work for you to
be able to master internet marketing. On
the other side of things, if you're
rich, you're trying to get a fuckload
richer, check out Jeremy's inner circle.
There's a link for it to apply down
below. Four times a year right here at
our facility in good old Miami, Florida.
We do our in-person masterminds. Got a
good couple hundred people that show up.
It's phenomenal. It's very fun. We do
twice a month one-on-one calls, weekly
group calls. You can select the topics
of them as well if you want to throw out
an idea if we don't already have one.
We've got an extensive course library
and both of these offers. We have access
to Jeremy AI and both of these offer.
And in Jeremy's inner circle, we have a
group chat, extremely active inside of
Telegram, full of rich people trying to
get a fuckload richer. So, whichever one
you are, feel free to apply and check
out those links down in the description.
And at the very least, go check out some
of the other videos in this specific
series on virtual events, challenge
funnels, or go check out all the other
videos on my YouTube channel. They're
all very helpful to you. Thank you so
much for being here. Go get richer.